[NC-26] Add preview for native maps (#582)
mendix/widgets-resources: packages/tools/pluggable-widgets-tools/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this tool will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Increase SVG file size limit in rollup configuration from 16kb to 100kb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase the SVG file size limit from 14 kB to 100 kB for the structure preview of widgets. 
```

Reviewer: The changelog shouldn't be to technical. You should see it as the release notes for PIW tools.

# Changelog
All notable changes to this tool will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Increase SVG file size limit in rollup configuration from 16kb to 100kb

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/mendix/widgets-resources/blob/01c881855ec8a9186bf67f72a998ead2f3210d62/packages/tools/pluggable-widgets-tools/configs/rollup.config.js#L150

This is also already released

Reviewer 3: Removed
